Documentation + improve usage of Mindee client (#60)
mindee/mindee-api-java: docs/java-license-plates-ocr.md

> The JAVA SDK OCR SDK supports the  API  [Licenses plate OCR](https://developers.mindee.com/docs/license-plates-ocr-nodejs)  for extracting data from pictures (or documents) of cars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JAVA SDK OCR SDK supports the [Licenses plate API](https://developers.mindee.com/docs/license-plates-ocr-nodejs)  for extracting license plates from pictures (or documents) of vehicles.
```

> Using this [sample photo](https://files.readme.io/ffc127d-sample_receipt.jpg) below, we are going to illustrate how to extract the data that we want using the OCR SDK.

Reviewer: `ffc127d-sample_receipt.jpg` is probably not what you wanted

![sample receipt](https://files.readme.io/fd6086e-license_plate.jpg)

## Quick Start
```java
// Init a new client
MindeeClient client = MindeeClientInit.create("<your mindee api key>");

// Load a file from disk and parse it

> DocumentToParse documentToParse = mindeeClient.loadDocument(new File("./a74eaa5-c8e283b-sample_invoice.jpeg"));

Reviewer: `ffc127d-sample_receipt.jpg` is probably not what you wanted
